[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Look at them
out in the oceans.
They're completely free.
They don't have any
technology, but they did.
They were immersed in it also.
Remember when they came down,
the Dogons, a long time ago.
They came down in a spaceship.
They were involved in UFOs
and all the other stuff.
They were part of the
Lucifer Rebellion,
but they made the decision
at one point to break away.
And about 200 years ago,
they totally broke away,
and they're still
emerging out of it.
Their planet is almost
totally out of it.
Sirius, it's almost
totally gone,
except for just the
humanoid part, which
is the part we saw up here.
The humanoids are slowly turning
into dolphins and dropping off,
and they're almost out
of-- they've almost
extracted themselves out
of that whole pattern.
And they're proof
that it can be done.
Yeah?
>>Well, you said
that the Sirians are
in Christ's
consciousness, and yet--
>>They're on a very,
very low level of it.
They're--
>>So the Lucifer Rebellion
has gotten into that?
>>The Lucifer Rebellion has
got into a lot of areas.
Anybody in existence that is
involved in external technology
is part of the
Lucifer Rebellion.
>>Isn't is a shorter list.
>>Oh, no, she said, who
isn't is a shorter list.
It's the other way around.
Who isn't is a greater list.
Most people are
not involved in it.
The vast majority does
not involve themself
in this kind of stuff at all.
There are only certain
levels that do,
and we happen to be
some of those people,
though it's a spectrum.
It's not a day-and-night,
black-and-white thing.
There are people
like the Greys who
are 100% totally,
absolutely, irrevocably
connected to the technology,
you know, the Darth Vader type
thing that can't leave it.
And they have biologically
linked themselves in so deeply
that they can't leave
it without dying.
And then there is this whole
spectrum going all the way
through to people like the
Sirians who are lightly into it
and to people like us
who are lightly into it.
We still have emotional bodies.
We still are able
to love and to feel.
Where we are emerging is
we could extract ourselves
from this, and we could get out
of it and become free again.
We're not totally
addicted to it.
Everybody is kind of on
different levels of addiction
to all of this stuff.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
What?
>>I thought the dolphins knew
how to create the wormhole.
>>They do.
>>I thought they
travelled through it.
>>They do now, but
a few years ago they
did it by growing their
ships and creating
these UFOs, flying ships,
that were external to them.
They were involved in it also.
It was the means that they
were able to get through
from Sirian to here.
This whole thing with
the living fuel merkabas
is really relatively
new to them.
Considering how old they
are, this is brand new.
They've only been in it about
200 years, which is brand new,
and they're not fully extracted.
There is a part of them, which
is the humanoid aspect, which
we're going to see
that on their planet
they've got beings
that look like that.
And they also have beings
that look like Akhenaten.
They have humanoid
type beings there also,
which live on the land
part, and those are still
involved with the
technology, though they
are trying to get out of it.
They are really, really
trying to get out of it.
>>So when we shift, they shift.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yeah, we're all
linked together.
If this shift happens
that we think,
it's definitely going to be--
>>We're all going
to shift together.
>>Yes, we will.
I believe so.
I don't really see
how we could not.
So they are great examples for
us because they have done it.
They've got out of there.
We can't imagine what level of
existence they're on right now
and the joy that they've
got because they're free.
They are completely free.
They can just
disappear out of water
any time they want and within
just a three-day period
end up back on Sirius
and go back over there.
It's just a little jaunt,
hang out over there
and come right back again.
They can move right
through space.
They can fly in space
as well as in water,
and they have no
vehicle whatsoever.
They have just total
understanding of the Merkaba.
We could see their Merkaba
fields on the computer screens
when we were working with them.
>>Drunvalo, you spoke yesterday
on the polluted oceans
and the dolphins
being evolved beings.
What effect are they having on
the oceans or of light aspect,
and how are the polluted
oceans affecting them?
>>The oceans are affecting
them pretty strongly,
and they know that
we are the problem.
And so this is the
reason why they
are trying to
communicate with us
and to help change
the situation.
The whales, for example,
which are really
the real powerful
beings in this world,
prior to about
1950 or so, '56-- I
don't remember what it was--
no human being or country
or anyone had ever captured
a killer whale alive.
They couldn't do it.
They couldn't get the
nets that could hold them,
and suddenly in one
year, six of these killer
whales just come up the ships
and sit there, kind of wag
their tales and allow themselves
to be taken into captivity.
And this was when
the cetaceans began
to try to make
communication with us
and try to heal us
through their examples.
You know, the dolphins come up,
and all they do is just say,
it's love.
It's all love.
It's joy.
Have a good time, you know?
And they're giving the
example by themselves,
and their examples are
definitely affecting us.
We're beginning to understand.
I had a friend, Dr. Paul Spong.
Just to show you the
whales and the dolphins
are in very high
level communication,
Dr. Paul Spong was trained at a
college to be a whale trainer,
and he became the whale
trainer at the Vancouver Zoo.
And he started training
this killer whale there.
But then after about
a year, he began
to realize that the
whale was training him.
It became real obvious to him.
He says, wait a minute.
The whales actually,
you know, are
having more influence on his
life than he is having on them.
And the whale got him to
tell him about all the whales
that were being killed
all over the world
and started to influence him to
stop the whaling in the world.
So what did he do?
He started Greenpeace.
He was the founder
of Greenpeace.
He got the six people
together, at this one table,
which I got to introduce with
each one of these people,
and got them to go out
and start this movement.
And he went out on these ships,
and he'd been arrested, like,
100 times.
He'd go out in
these ships and just
start shutting down everything.
But they aggressively
tried to get them to stop,
and, yeah, they did.
They eventually got
stopped the whaling in I
don't know how many countries.
There's, like, lots and lots
of countries that Greenpeace
has stopped all of this on.
And one day he came to me and
he said the whales told him--
he says he believed that he
was in direct communication
with them telepathically, that
he could just talk to them.
He could tell them in his
head to do any of the things
that he wanted them
to do in the water,
and they would just do it.
And he got to the place
where he just knew
that it was just like talking.
And they told him that
there was no such thing
as an individual whale
or an individual dolphin
in the world, that
they were really
cells in a larger
body of consciousness,
and that communication occurred.
If there was a dolphin, there
only needed to be another
dolphin within a
1,000-mile radius,
and that dolphin could
communicate to the whole
through that one.
They did have a 1,000-mile
limit in their communication,
and this whale wanted
to prove this to him.
He says, I will prove to
you that this is true,
so he asked me if he
could have my house.
I had a house 450 miles inland
in this place called Kootenai
Lake, and he says, can I borrow
your house for the winter?
So I gave it to him.
And he went in, and he was going
to set up a sensory deprivation
tank to float in there
to get still enough to be
able to make the communication.
But he never even
put it together,
and so I came back a few months,
three or four months later.
And he had removed a
few walls in my house--
it was a funny feeling, I'll
tell ya-- and put these windows
there that weren't
there before and things.
It was really beautiful,
but it was shocking.
And he had still
not made contact.
He said, I need more time.
I need more time.
And I said, well, OK,
so then I was there.
All of a sudden, we were
all living together.
Him and his wife were living
there, and me and my wife
were living there, and my kids.
And about two weeks later--
who knows Dr. Paul Spong?
Do you know Paul Spong?
Yeah, he's got kind
of short hair now,
and he looks very kind
of professional-like.
But he used to have really long
hair and a really long beard
in those days.
And he came into the room one
morning after about two weeks,
and he had shaved his beard
off on one side of his head
and cut the hair short
on one side of his head.
And I said to Paul, Paul,
I know something's up.
I'm sure of it.
And he says, yeah, I
made contact last night.
And he says, I'm
sure that I did it.
And he says, they
told me that I was
going to be a large influence
in the world and all of this
and that I had to
look respectable.
And he says, so today
is my transition day.
So for about a day, he
walked around half and half,
and then the next day he
shaved off the other side.
And what they told
him was is the way
they were going to
prove it was he said
that he was to go to this
bay north of Vancouver,
a very specific spot.
And he was to go there with
video equipment and everything
so that he could prove
what was about to happen.
He had a whole group of
people that worked with him.
He was to tell them what was
to happen so that it would be,
like, no backing out of
this whole thing and that
on a certain day at a
certain time-- which I think
it was 12:00 noon on
a certain day-- all
the whales, of which
there were about a hundred
of them of this certain species
would come into this bay,
would swim up to the shoreline,
lift out of the water,
and look him in the eyes.
And that's exactly
what happened.
He went up there
with about 30 people,
and they put their microphones
in the water and everything.
And they sat around, and
they waited for this time.
And, sure enough,
all these whales
came swimming up to
the shore, lifted out,
and looked him in the eyes.
And obviously he was
never the same after that.
He started the Orca Lab, which
was started in that very spot,
and he's totally been
emerged into whale research
ever since then on
his own, not using
through the government's
or anything else,
like he did before.
And he spends all his time.
I taught him how to
play the silver flute,
and he spends all his time
out in canoes with them,
playing flutes to them and
communicating with them,
that he has now
learned how to do.
And so the whales, they
have an extraordinary level
of awareness.
We can't really talk about it.
Later, I'm going
to try to tell you
when I talk about the
electromagnetic spectrum
and light and all of these
other kinds of things
when we get into this.
Like, right now, we're
looking at just a little,
tiny sliver of the
electromagnetic spectrum
which we call light,
which we receive about 90%
of our information
from, and then you
get a little bit of
information from sound.
And those two things,
which are also
another little, tiny sliver of
the electromagnetic spectrum,
and those two things are where
we get almost all of our input
into the world.
But the dolphins are 100%.
They see the entire
electromagnetic spectrum,
which is a world
you wouldn't believe
if you could see it all.
It's here.
We're just about blind almost.
We don't really see
much, and so they
are in really another world,
another dimensional level
of experience that
we're not there yet.
But we will be.
Dolphins are
conscious breathers.
If they do not purposely
decide to take a breath,
they will die.
They have no automatic
breathing system in them at all,
and so they don't
sleep like we sleep.
In fact, they don't sleep.
They have a different
mechanism, which
I guess I'll describe
real quickly right now.
When we go to sleep at
night, first of all,
we are either usually on the
left side or the right side.
Hardly anybody's got both
sides going on at once.
We use only one side or the
other, and of that side,
we are maybe 5% or 10% of
that side is functioning.
100% of one side and about
90% of the other side
is unconscious.
It's not functioning, so we're
almost an unconscious being.
But we're even more than that
from a dolphin perspective
because what they do is
they come into a circle,
like I talked about with the
whales when they go to sleep.
They all point their
noses together,
floating on the surface,
and they begin to rotate.
I'm not sure which way
they rotate actually.
They begin to rotate around.
You said they would
rotate counterclockwise.
Is that what you said?
>>Most of the time,
counterclockwise.
>>Counterclockwise,
OK, and they start
rotating counterclockwise.
And then at one point,
one of them takes a breath
and goes in the water,
and then they're
followed by the next one,
forming this helical
pattern as they're
going down into the water.
And it's copying
where they would
be on the top of the
circle as they keep
moving down into the water.
But as they take this
breath and go down in,
the dolphins have both sides
of their brain on 100%.
So even though they've
got a brain that's
about 350 grams
bigger than ours,
it's really a lot
bigger than ours
because they've got
the whole thing on.
We've got a 1,500-gram brain,
and that's functioning on about
30 grams or something.
It's not a lot.
And so they started
coming down in here.
They turn off one
side of their brain
and leave the other side on.
That's called sleep.
And so they come down here,
and then when they either
get to the bottom, or when
they get back to the top--
I don't know from the
research that I've read.
I can't remember anymore.
But when they get down at the
bottom-- where they turn this
off, I don't know.
They then start coming back up.
As the other ones are coming
down, they're coming back up,
forming a double
helical pattern,
coming back up until they
match back up in the circling.
When they get at
the top-- let's say
it's up there-- they
switch sides the brain so
that the other side can rest.
It allows one side to rest
with every other breath.
It's a very slow
delta, you would say,
if you know how
delta and theta work.
Delta sleeping state,
really, we're just
going back and forth, turning
off one side of our brain,
turning on the other, but
it's at a rate about like--
[CLICKING LIKE A CLOCK]
About like that is what we're
doing when we're asleep,
and they're just
doing it much slower.
And so when a dolphin
looks at a human being,
we're all sleeping
because we have one
side of our brain turned off.